misc fixes: (#18)
webrecorder/browsertrix: README.md

Browsertrix is a brand new toolset from the Webrecorder project for automating browsers to perform complex scripted behaviors
as well as crawl multiple pages. (The name was originally used for an older project with similar goals).

> Browsertrix is a system for orchestrating Docker-based Chrome browsers, crawling processes, behavior systems and web archiving capture and replay.

Reviewer: A comma, at least how I learned it, is used before the and in a long list of things.
 
```suggestion
Browsertrix is a system for orchestrating Docker-based Chrome browsers, crawling processes, behavior systems, and web archiving capture and replay.
```

Browsertrix supports a number of options, with a key option being the `crawl_type`, which can be:

- `single-page` -- crawl only the specified seed urls

> - `all-links` -- crawl the seed urls and all links from the seed (depth of 1)

Reviewer: This rewording may make the description clearer. 
```suggestion
- `all-links` -- crawl the seed url(s) and all links discovered until max depth is exceeded
```

> - `same-domain` -- crawl all links within the seed url domain and subdomains (upto a depth of 100)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `same-domain` -- crawl the seed url(s) and all links discovered that are on the same domain or sub-domain (up to a depth of 100)
```
